---
title: "oie-cbfa-ckc (2024-05-21 11:05 GMT-4) - Transcript"
date: 2024-05-21
meetingTiming: "11:05 GMT-4"
type: "notes"
recordingUrl: "https://drive.google.com/file/d/1LR6OaWZhbUvpLJHcUfXBshHbC2WK_EdR/view?usp=sharing"
---

# **Attendees**

Caesar Premia, Dev Swaroop, Don Lee, Raam At Arbitrum, Rich Cuellar-Lopez, Rich Cuellar-Lopez's Presentation, Sam Martin

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: All right, welcome everyone. The date is May 21st. My name is Rich Cuellar Lopez and I am the gandhoff for the Business Development Fellowship

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: We have some meeting notes posted The chat and also go ahead and share my screen. We usually start with just a brief. update from last week for anyone new to the group. And so just as a quick recap before we get into the agenda.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Can everyone see the notes in the recording right now? Right, we'll use the transcript to fill in the notes later.

Don Lee: Yep.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: But basically this is meeting for at least five where the fellowship Group which is waiver between six and eight people have come together to

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Basically discuss possible proposals or plans for a Biz Dev group for the DAO we have since put into two kind of sub-working groups one's doing an internal analysis where we're trying to figure out what all the different parties are doing for Biz Dev between ocl the foundation and the doubt and then we have an external working group that's doing a lot of competitive intelligence. As a meeting for we were going to wait till meeting five so we can kind of make any group decisions about next steps,â€¦

Don Lee: Sure.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: but that's more or less the updates since last week. Any questions before we move ahead.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: all right with that I'm actually going to kick it over to Don who will just give an update on team with there's also a doc for a team that's In the larger Google doc, but with that I'll get over to Doc.

Don Lee: Yeah, absolutely. Thanks for that. Rich everybody Don Lee. So what we decided to do in terms of the internal evaluation being like looking at the arbitrum ecosystem to determine what is happening already? we don't want to make a proposal that gets in somebody's way is duplicative ETC. So we had some Outreach to both off chain labs and the foundation just to get a sense for what they were working on what they thought might be good in this space had some conversations via telegram with Peter Hammond. Who's that a Partnerships at off chain. His suggestion was not to add into the big partnership conversations. If you will because the foundation and off chain Labs have a ton of resources already deployed to that. I work at strategies Etc and suggested it might be more fruitful to look at growth and he particularly felt like Asia was an interesting Market to look at

Don Lee: We had it DAOn that path a little bit. We've made contact with arbitrum's Community manager in Asia this correspondence with Chewie hin there and actually rich I didn't see that this came in this morning. So I haven't had a chance to read it yet. But basically our goal there was if there's already boots on the ground people in Asia in the community trying to get people on board at arbitrum and thinking about growth. Why don't we start there? What do they think needs to happen how could we assist them Etc? And again, I haven't had a chance to throw speed back because it just came through pretty recently. But that's what we're doing is trying to get a sense of what's going on out there from my perspective coming into this don't really know what I was getting myself into five meetings to kind of come up with a proposal feel like we still got quite a bit of work to do before we can,â€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Yeah, I'll add a little after this question.

00:05:00

Don Lee: get enough input to make a sound proposal here. That's my perspective.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Yeah, maybe this is Miss click if you do want to ask question feel for you to jump in. Yeah, I think that was a pretty good summary. I virtually agree that at meeting forward. we're not close to a Coheed or at least a single coherent proposal. But as the purview is someone on team a I think we've done a lot of messaging.

Don Lee: Others on a team might see things a little bit different at this point. We'll see but I think that continuing DAOn this path of talking with the community managers.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: This is a tldr for this message from Shin. Honestly, it seems kind of basic stuff that maybe a devrel orâ€¦

Don Lee: I think there's probably six or eight of them around the world in the various markets.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: to some extent of marketing team would do Biz Dev can lean in here.

Don Lee: I think it'd be interesting to get all of their perspectives andâ€¦

Don Lee: if there's any kind of common threads where they all have this need orâ€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: But they're basically asking for resources to host event andâ€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: workshops and all their valuable stuff.

Don Lee: they all could use assistance with something along these lines Etc.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: We would just have to figure outâ€¦

Don Lee: That's one possible idea that I can see coming out of thisâ€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: if we're the best people to help them with that. And then yeah,â€¦

Don Lee: but definitely feels early though,â€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: I would just add a little editorial that we've definitely had some.

Don Lee: and in terms of that evaluation, that's my take so rich, I'll pump over to kick over to you.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: struggle just I mean we're trying to book time with the people from off chain labs andâ€¦

Don Lee: It looks like someone has a question. That's right. You got a question.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: We have a couple of different threads and there is definitely a hesitation from their side. they're kind of surprised that the DAO is supporting another Biz Dev Group,â€¦

Don Lee: I don't know if you're trying to talk about you're still muted Dev.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: which is an understandable concern but that being said, freeing up a half an hour of time to kind of talk to us aboutâ€¦

Don Lee: And it was an accidental hand race.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: What they're doing could be really beneficial to us. And we could use some support there. So as a takeaway if anyone has Any weights to throw around to get us in front of ocl? I think he would be beneficial for the group. Yeah, and then that's really all I have to have us to say about team a I'll open up to any questions and then I'll kind of go into Team B because I don't think anyone else from Team B is Thomas call, but any questions about some of the talking points from ta

Caesar Premia: I'm coming in very late here, but I had a question about. the teenage Mutual estimate. so I'm a summarize real quick and ask questions. So basically you're reaching out to all the boots in the ground and various regions across the world for their arbitrum ecosystem. And then you're trying to see if we can support them in a variety of generalized BD means they ask for marketing and other event stuff. That's the Baseline right? That's the gist of what's happened cool. In general with writing a proposal or asking making a proposal. Are you guys are we looking to be like

Caesar Premia: the support system of say they get funding from someone else to do an event and then we're out here helping them get sponsors or what is in the bigger goal of the BD team or the team that's what I was trying to understand from that because it's very specific thing. But I was like, we're trying to understand a bigger goal of Team and maybe TV so

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Yeah, maybe I'll add something at the end there but go for it.

Caesar Premia: Okay.

Caesar Premia: Okay.

Caesar Premia: Yeah.

Caesar Premia: Okay.

00:10:00

Don Lee: You want me to take that rich?

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Yeah, I think different people have different interests in this group. And so some of the other members who've More than one of these meetings have been I want to help with more, DAO writing and kind of creating resources and documentation and all that others have Hey we're seasoned is Dev people we can go out and

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Sign deals on board apps bringing users and the whole kind of Choose Your Own Adventure aspect to it is all right. if we have these different routes, that's fine. But we want to make sure and from the early days we've kind of been giving the green light in so far we don't step on the other team's toes.

Don Lee: Yeah, I think I mean right now I'd say in fact finding is the mission, youâ€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: And so to kind of go with the analogy we want to seeâ€¦

Don Lee: the group was going up I think all of us came in through the onboarding effort that the DAO has going right now andâ€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: where everyone's toes are so we don't step on them andâ€¦

Caesar Premia: Okay.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: I think there's kind of three camps orâ€¦

Don Lee: based on the conversation I had with that group they felt like I might be able to contribute here.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: three kind of like paths one is we figure outâ€¦

Don Lee: So I jumped in andâ€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: what other teams are not doing.

Don Lee: there wasn't really a clear charge.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: So we kind of fill in the Gap andâ€¦

Don Lee: It was more orâ€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: that's where this group orâ€¦

Don Lee: Here's a bunch of people fromâ€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: some subset of this group,â€¦

Don Lee: who are interested in contributing to the DAO orâ€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: plays and we figure outâ€¦

Don Lee: already are andâ€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: what the other teams are doing andâ€¦

Don Lee: have an expertise in Biz Dev from â€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: doing particularly well, and we, support them andâ€¦

Don Lee: various other roles.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Turbo Charge.

Don Lee: Why don't you all get together andâ€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Or we find out where the other teams are really struggling andâ€¦

Don Lee: if there is something that you can latch on to andâ€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: maybe not doing so great and maybe we plug in there. But this is all just been fact-finding to kind of even choose that one of those paths. Rob

Don Lee: turn into a proposal and I think that's where we're at right now with team may it was we don't want to create a proposal to do something that's already being done orâ€¦

Raam At Arbitrum: Yeah, so out of curiosity.

Don Lee: that interferes with something that's already done Etc.

Raam At Arbitrum: So obviously this I guess sub-working groups spun out of the onboarding working group led by 404 DAO andâ€¦

Don Lee: So that was let's figure out what's being done and then, following up with the

Don Lee: Manager out there in Asia was based on Direct feedback that we got during that follow process.

Raam At Arbitrum: some other folks. So was this initiative something that was proposed by the onboarding working group,â€¦

Don Lee: So we're still trying to just figure out is there a throw there?

Raam At Arbitrum: or was it something that organically spun up based on the attendees of the onboarding working group,â€¦

Don Lee: So I'd say we're at the very beginning of business development of trying to figure outâ€¦

Raam At Arbitrum: which I suppose were yourselves.

Don Lee: what this group's trying to doâ€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: it was the latter,â€¦

Don Lee: if that makes sense.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: someone volunteered from the group saying Hey,â€¦

Don Lee: I don't Rich if you characterize that any different

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: maybe we actually do different proposals, but I actually want to just look at the forums and kind of do something a little bit more. In the background, I think the way is described and some of us were cool, go for it. And we'll share some of the progress they've made but Don myself right now, we've, tried to be more active and reaching out to people so we could figure out what's going on.

Raam At Arbitrum: Yeah more how you ended up in a business Dev group in the first place.

Caesar Premia: I think

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: I think that everyone accepts maybe one person had attended one of the DAO onboarding sessions. So I think they did three or four weeks of those twice a week. And then I know I was at one of the first ones and then I had to wait around for three weeks and they basically said, all right, cool. You're all going into different groups. The five of you are in this Biz Dev group. I had submitted some documentation separately and they were like and Rich will be gone off for this first five meetings.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: I don't know the Criterion for how we ended up in this group. I think it's pretty well-rounded. I'm quite content with it, but technically anyone can join so there was someone else who brought in a friend and we've had other people joined but the first six people were chosen by the DAO onboarding fellowship and 404 and then they gave us a foreign post of how they wanted it all structured which I can talk to at greater length. But yeah, that's everything Don said and what I've added on there is kind of the purview.

Raam At Arbitrum: Okay, thank I just wanted to kind of set some context for myself as this is the first one of these calls. I've actually been able to attend. Thanks.

Don Lee: Raam was your question more about how we split into these two groups or how we ended up in a Biz Dev group in the first place.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Cool any other questions about formation orâ€¦

00:15:00

Don Lee: That yeah,â€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: â€¦

Don Lee: I don't know. I still don't have Clarity on that to be honest with youâ€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: what team a has been working on?

Don Lee: which seems ridiculous meeting for here. But I think that's what's made.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: allâ€¦

Don Lee: This difficult is that there wasn't a specific charge.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: so I'll be quite up front here andâ€¦

Don Lee: It wasn't like we made a Business Development Group to solve this problem.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: say I'm probably not the best person to present thisâ€¦

Don Lee: It was more like here's a group of some Biz Dev people go figure something out andâ€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: but we do have At least three other people working on competitive analysis,â€¦

Don Lee: I like the lack of that Target as I thinkâ€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Christina Edgar and Teresa. Yeah,â€¦

Don Lee: why we're trying to findâ€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: so they basically gone through andâ€¦

Don Lee: where's the problem that we could contribute to right?

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: kind of swept the forums andâ€¦

Don Lee: So rich.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: put different links together.

Don Lee: I don't know if you got any more background than that.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: I think they're in the process of trying to synthesize some of this with the goals of basically outlining with each of the chains are working on andâ€¦

Don Lee: I didn't get the impression you did.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: then, uncovering potential gaps of things that we can be doing the context for this group, just a little bit of background is at a

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Go pack at East Denver. There is what may have helped start these DAO onboarding groups, but there is a post by someone whose Name Escapes to me, but they basically said hey polygon has done this optimism has done that we have, better stats more money than both of those and why are we at least looking at what they're doing and in particular they highlighted a case where someone or optimism I'm not sure which entity and optimism, but they basically poached one of the heads of BD from polygon paid a bunch of money and now they work it optimism. And so, I think one of the suggestions was like, hey, let's figure out what the other.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: substitutes are doing and what do we want to do? Do we want to poach people do we want to hire full-time employees all that stuff and I don't think that they're you close to making a suggestion like that but a team B kind of wanted to just scan the landscape and see what competitors are doing. So with that I'll stop and see if there's any questions about Team B.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Yeah, OM. Did you have a question before we go?

Raam At Arbitrum: Yeah, I was just referring to something that was being shared on the screen. So you mentioned that Team B was basically doing market research of what other teams in the ecosystems are done with those links that were displayed. So that was like circles Ubi there are a few others, but the initiatives that were looking to or was that something else.

Raam At Arbitrum: Okay, Yeah, I didn't see this part of the screen. Okay, so polygon mantle are we've scroll DAOn a bit.

Raam At Arbitrum: but it Okay, cool. Thanks.

Caesar Premia: This is not maybe a question for a group P. But is there been any push to support for proposals that are coming out. There's a lot of initiatives they're coming out right now that has been to push to do that or get more in. Insulin isolated just involved. We'll just stay involved. I don't know the right word.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Yeah, so there are I think two proposals that are kind of relevant. I don't think they were part of the fellowship but one is for marketing, but it is from the 404 crew and I forget the other party but it's not constitutional. It's basically an ask for money and they wanted. Do some stuff that helps. The other one is the arbitrum ventures initiative.

00:20:00

Don Lee: Yeah, they also and I think it was the same post.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: I imagine thatâ€¦

Don Lee: They were making references to some of the big kind of splashy deals that probably got madeâ€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: if we call us around a good group in a course out of objectives. That we could write a proposal of that ilk.

Don Lee: which again I think is specifically the type of things at the off-chain labs team is it wouldn't be a good idea to inject another group of people separate from ocl andâ€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: But I think there's some one there's who are those people and so Don and I have talked a little bit but of the â€¦

Don Lee: Foundation trying to have those types of conversations either.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: I don't know. Seven people that have kind of come in andâ€¦

Don Lee: That's fine. The depression. I'm getting at thisâ€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: out of these meetings.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: There's maybe three people that come on a consistent basis.

Don Lee: And what I don't disagree with at this point either.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: So maybe we just make a proposal from those people, but just to kind of backtrack here a little bit. I think we don't really know what the proposal would the Need Is Right where can we drive the most impact and that was the whole point of these five sessions as we were basically supposed to take five sessions to figure out what's going on. Hopefully take no more than three months. And then we would go to delegates and get at least three onboards of support us and then we would put a proposal to The Forum to say hey these group of people backed by these delicates think we should fill in this Gap and see where the vote Falls but, I think the most progress we made is probably been on Hey, there's some different regions and what's going on with the foundation ocl and so we still have a lot more fact-finding to do there in my opinion.

Caesar Premia: Okay, Ram. You can go ahead I can.

Raam At Arbitrum: Yeah, so just kind of brainstorming here. But you mentioned the arbitrum Venture initiative. There's also obviously the m&a initiative both of these are still in the pipeline of the governance process. But have you already spoken to the folk leading those initiatives about potentially working with them or conducting BD or them if and when they are approved by the DAO?

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Not directly. we know quite well. I was actually just chatting with him. I could see that as a good fit.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Yeah, I guess I would have to talk about it with the group here. I think he's done a lot of prep work. I want to say basically since God hack and he's hoping that he gets some positive response. But yeah, I think They could definitely use more support because for my vantage point, it's really been a one-person show. And yeah, maybe they could over leverage our resources if we get our act together.

Raam At Arbitrum: Yeah, and especially this is a kind of organic working group that has spun up from the DAO I think it is also a exploring existing parallel workstreams that exist within the doubt that might need on your support.

00:25:00

Don Lee: I mean I suspect I don't have a personal relationship here. So I don't really know the personality we're dealing with but I suspect the fact. That our kind of charged is as generic as it is. It didn't surprise me to get because I wasn't rude by any stretch. it was that I believe they're intended to be helpful, but I also think that

Don Lee: As a personâ€¦

Raam At Arbitrum: Yeah, andâ€¦

Don Lee: who keeps pretty busy book myself like this little side project forâ€¦

Raam At Arbitrum: I would also like Sam. Tuna. given that all of the working groups have open called in the governance calendar andâ€¦

Don Lee: But if somebody approached me with the ask that I approached them with I might try to helpâ€¦

Raam At Arbitrum: there are also the weekly open governance calls.

Don Lee: but I wouldn't be enthusiastically through the doors open eitherâ€¦

Raam At Arbitrum: I'm not sure if you've been attending them already,â€¦

Don Lee: because I got stuff to do andâ€¦

Raam At Arbitrum: but if you are still getting to grips withâ€¦

Don Lee: this could be a giant waste of myâ€¦

Raam At Arbitrum: what all these various initiatives are,â€¦

Don Lee: Andâ€¦

Raam At Arbitrum: I think attending some of these calls would be a good place to start.

Don Lee: I think it might be something along those lines. How do we come in and said, hey we're trying to get information about this very specific thing to achieve this very specific goal. And the reason why we want to talk to you is because X Y and Z I suspect we would have got a different result. I think we're a little too great. So, I won't take a very busy person doesn't want to explore a great topic with me. It's kind of how that's been my dick.

Don Lee: So to that and I mean I like the idea of finding groups that could use some help right and youâ€¦

Sam Martin: Yeah to piggy back on that.

Don Lee: especially if they have a specific need that,â€¦

Sam Martin: That one's actually at noon today.

Don Lee: that could be in the BD Arena,â€¦

Sam Martin: So highly Checking that one out.

Don Lee: I think that's a great way for an organic group like this to pitch in one of the things we talked about earlier on was an idea of is there a place for the DAO just to provide BD support to smaller teams,â€¦

Sam Martin: If you guys are free on the topic of just lack of direction that I sense in the group, don't feel bad. I would say I joined the social media Fellowship group and it felt the exact same way and they actually had a defined path for them.

Don Lee: you got a lot of different projects spending up all the time on arbitrum coming in I don't have those resources.

Sam Martin: This is even more difficult because this is kind of something that formed organically.

Sam Martin: Ram mentioned the adpc. I do know that they're opening up some applications in the next week orâ€¦

Don Lee: They'd be like indie games or just small defy projects, small teams things like that that don't have the expertise orâ€¦

Sam Martin: for getting whitelisted security Auditors that can kind of draw from a fund that was already approved for spend to get help with people auditing things andâ€¦

Don Lee: the resources yet. Is there a service that DAO could make available to groups coming in to help them on those fronts?

Sam Martin: I think it's really important just from the perspective of the doubt andâ€¦

Don Lee: That kind of thing like you just suggested with looking at the other DAOn initiatives is similar.

Sam Martin: make sure that when there's these open application processes that there's highly qualified people.

Don Lee: In that regard, right if you got smaller teams that need help andâ€¦

Sam Martin: Sorry entities actually applying to become a part of these programs andâ€¦

Don Lee: have specific problems. That might be a great. place for a work group like this to kick in

Sam Martin: contributing to the DAO and a lot of the times today. people just aren't even made aware of the opportunities that exist. So I think that's some super low hanging fruit that this group could potentially reach out to different security providers. Let them know about the opportunity offer them help to actually make their applications and then getting a really competitive applicant pool that can be selected whitelisted security providers that could ultimately contribute to the dial that would be pretty cool in my opinion because that's like an organic Working group here kind of filling a whole need in the DAO andâ€¦

Don Lee: I'm sorry which calls were those specifically?

Sam Martin: it kind of serves as BD in a way in my opinion.

Don Lee:

00:30:00

Caesar Premia: Ram you got I' I'm just gonna sit back and listen to the people that are in our bedroom more than I am already.

Raam At Arbitrum: Yes, sorry about that. Yeah, just to piggyback of some again and piggy back to me. It reminds me also of the step application process. I'm not sure if you've been following that and I need to double check when the deadline for applicants is but yeah, it's the similar situation where maybe it could have. helped if there was somebody reaching out to various rwa service providers. Yeah, that was just so I was gonna

Caesar Premia: I think dip bridge is all the applications Its tip should be starting in a month or a month or so somewhere in late June early, July.

Raam At Arbitrum: Yeah, so I was referring to the stable treasury enDAOment program step.

Caesar Premia: to leave Community Academia

Raam At Arbitrum: Yeah, there's lots of acronyms. It's quite confusing.

Caesar Premia: This was just so I work at Premia Finance. We're option platform arbitrum and I've been going to all these meetings the past two weeks. This was probably the most Helpful meeting that was I did least expected not a bad way. thank you for all the insights from everybody. So I just want to say that's really really helpful because it is a lot to take in to figure outâ€¦

Don Lee: Yeah. Yeah,â€¦

Caesar Premia: where All the stuff is happening.

Don Lee: I totally agree. And what do you think that the other side of that would make sense too is making sure that teams building on arbitrum.

Caesar Premia: I'm working on a proposal with the Sex decks initiative so taking people from centralized exchanges to exits.

Don Lee: No are aware of the fact that this service exists that they could take advantage of it to get that out export same kind of deal right just aligning needs andâ€¦

Caesar Premia: That's what I've been working on and even that I'm just like there's so many moving parts to the flow.

Don Lee: resources and that makes your people are on same page.

Caesar Premia: So it's very hard to grasp but you guys are doing great job. I just want to make sure that's reiterated. It's just so much stuff going on. So not just gonna say we're all doing good. It's cool to see that. This is what's coming out of this right now? That's all I want to say. Yeah.

Don Lee: I like that idea.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Awesome. Just to wrap up some admin.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Also a quick plug before that. in an hour. So there's the bye weekly governance discussion. I'm sorry if I got the exact name the open discussion. So hopefully see some of the EPO on that but yeah, thank you for going over. in 20 minutes. Thanks for staying with us and going over we usually do is take the transcripts from add it to the notes. And what we'll do is post in the update thread that we have. And then next week this time slot will be meeting five.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: And so, we do have a telegram group on the side if anyone's interested in being in it, just drop your handle and the chat, but we continue that on discussion async in between meetings, but we hope you can make it next week as well. And thanks everyone for attending.

Sam Martin: Yep, feel free to hit me up on telegram at any time. if I can help answer any questions or help plug you in with certain people who are working on different initiatives. You guys can get involved in some way. They're happy to help. Anyway, I can

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: here's all

Sam Martin: Thank you guys.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: I'm sorry. I'm just trying to grab these TG handles

Don Lee: Good.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: All Don, as always this pleasure, Dev swaroop nice meeting you andâ€¦

Don Lee: All right.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: we'll continue the conversation.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: I'll find.

Don Lee: Sounds good.

Don Lee: Cool.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: cheers

Don Lee:

Don Lee: Thank you for that.

00:35:00

Don Lee: Yeah, thank you all for the insights. Very helpful.

Don Lee: Very cool. Appreciate it.

Meeting ended after 00:35:11 ðŸ‘‹
