---
title: "Business Development Fellowship (2024-06-04 11:05 GMT-4) - Transcript"
date: 2024-06-04
meetingTiming: "11:05 GMT-4"
type: "notes"
recordingUrl: "https://drive.google.com/file/d/1gxlhtMnQqfPukMCdDFXqME90TWiQdr6l/view?usp=sharing"
---

# **Attendees**

Brian Adam, Caesar Premia, Caesar's Notetaker, Christina Kirsch, Dev Swaroop, Don Lee, Joseph Axisa, Pranav Khanna, Rich Cuellar-Lopez, Rich Cuellar-Lopez's Presentation, Rika Goldberg

# **Transcript**

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: And welcome to the June 4th. 2024 Biz Dev fellowship meeting. This is meeting number six among the group. We have four core members from the fellowship group here as well as some lovely guests. We usually start our presentation with if there's someone new we go through kind of an update of what's happened since the last week with that. I will share my screen and pranav. Are you able to go on Mike second because I know you have an update from your end as well.

Pranav Khanna: Did you call me out?

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Okay Yeah, I think you were the person who had the spoke to Nina within the last seven days. So we're gonna ask forâ€¦

Pranav Khanna: Yeah.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: how that conversation went. I know you left some notes in the TG group, but as we recap from last week with all an update on how that conversation went.

Pranav Khanna: Yeah, Let me just pull that up.

Pranav Khanna: Yeah, so Nina was earlier with ocl and she has been part of Business Development for some time for our bedroom. and we had a good exchange of sort of perspectives and these are the three sort of main points that's product for me. One of them was that she felt that as they are expanding into geographies. They do face a challenge of not having local support, somebody who's on ground. And doing the required Outreach in the community to really make it effective. So, that was sort of one thing that came out that be a customer success lead for the top. five ten projects in Arboretum in Southeast Asia

Pranav Khanna: So in a particular geography and this is where that particular project would be validated is maybe looking to scale up and has the backing of the operator and Foundation. So then we potentially could be the Playbook or the go to market arm for such projects. Right. So, think of any good project an arbitrum, which is looking to for example now roll it out in Vietnam. And the obviously, need a Playbook to go about it how to go about it. And the obviously need more folks out there who are connected in there. So we potentially could be that go to market and we could develop that Playbook. And the reason she said that is that although this is not directly.

Pranav Khanna: Working to arbitrum Foundation, but because we are servicing the projects themselves then add value to the larger arbitrum ecosystem. So in a way here sort of, validating why it's a great hypothesis. it's a great reason to work on Arboret To build on arbitript. So that was one the other bit that she mentioned was that she personally does this current sort of, work of providing of connecting projects to whales So a lot of times and this is a coronary to this a rollout in a particular geography a lot of times if it's like a project which require certain amount of liquidity in a particular geography.

Pranav Khanna: Then that is best served by whales in that geography, right and she essentially suggested that we could develop that muscle in terms of managing a network of Wales in a particular geography. So, as part of the Playbook as a certain project wants to roll out in a particular geography. We provide them the connection of those Wheels, we engineer those sort of relationships, which allow for providing liquidity to promising projects right in Return, of course for Equity or Equity to the whales or returns to the whales and so on and so forth, right? And then the third point that came up was, Business Development or Partnerships with Large mncs from the web the real world space from specific geographies. With whom we could partner validate, run projects and come up with any, sort of

Pranav Khanna: Of wedge to get into that ecosystem, right so broadly these are the three sort of things that came up. I do have an audio recording of that in case people want to hear I can share it. I'm not publicly shared it because that's a personal thing I made for just putting down notes. So I don't want to put it up there publicly. But in case somebody wants to listen to it I can share it in confidence and then you can just delete it. Yeah.

00:05:00

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Great. Thanks for the update.

Pranav Khanna: Yeah.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Yeah, I would say just for

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: just for the kind of working in public sake if you can have a transcript or just transcribe some notes and then take out any sensitive details. I don't think a transcript is necessary. But, having the notes would be helpful and we can add that to the team a document. I think we have the conversations with Peter and

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: the other person we spoke to as All right And so that's a good primer to the second update, which is this maybe news for Caesar Joseph and Rika, but this Fellowship is really meant to kind of come together. Bring all the core team members together and then if we feel like there's compelling need for us to fill in a gap for the dad and we would put together a proposal source and we have that proposal Draft before I do that. I'll give Christina the four because it sounds like you have an update as well.

Christina Kirsch: Yeah, thank I'm actually part of a group called dowie's West and it's very loose. It's not like an official thing. We just kind of hang out every so often and have a telegram Channel. So I reached out to song Yi, and I told her what we've been.

Christina Kirsch: talking about here. And she said that she's already working on something. almost identical to what we're working on and she has the network in Asia.

Christina Kirsch: So it sounds like she's gonna go ahead and do what she's doing because I told her that we're an onboarding cohort and so

Christina Kirsch: we're not by working with us. She wouldn't be directly going into whoever she's in contact with arbitrim. But it would be interesting if we're going to do this proposal to tap into what she's doing and to tap into the w east west. group but I was just feeling like there might be some duplication of what she's doing and what we're doing.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: So what specifically is she is the initiative she's looking to do and what part of arbitrim Dao is supporting it.

Christina Kirsch: Yeah, let me pull it up the conversation here. So I'm not sure how much I can share but her proposal like her work looks almost identical to

Christina Kirsch: Yeah, sorry. Let me I'm just scrolling through here.

Christina Kirsch: Yeah, she says.

Christina Kirsch: Yeah, it's like what she's trying to do. I can't remember. I can't see who she's talking to, but she's directly talking with someone. But it literally is bringing arbitrim into Asia.

Christina Kirsch: And she's Korean. so

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: So that's good validation, I think.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: As a judge for the different arbitrant programs. It's not on common for there to be three or four proposals going after the same objective andâ€¦

Christina Kirsch: mmm

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: you just go after the one that multiple end up getting approved because that type of redundancy isn't necessarily extracted from the other but that's great. And you know that if they're kind of expertise is Korea, maybe we take South Korea off the list and we just focus on the other two countries. Maybe we don't do it all together, but I think that's just really good validation that someone else is trying to expand the efforts. I'd be really interested into the details of how they're trying to do it because I think the way we've talked about doing it is a little bit more like

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: resource intensive kind of like the way like ocl would do it or something like that, but more details the better.

Christina Kirsch: Yeah, I'm just seeing if I can pull up the deck.

00:10:00

Christina Kirsch: Yeah, so it's 14 Asian countries. Thailand Malaysia, yeah.

Christina Kirsch: I wish it would be cool if we do a separate proposal.

Christina Kirsch: and I don't know maybe this is my hippie Dow stuff again, but it's like as we figure as we see what the feedback is from the community and then there might be how we can some help each other instead of compete with each other. it seems

Don Lee: Is there an opportunity for us to have a conversation now? I mean if we have related conversations happening if she's willing to come and talk with us about it. I expect we'd be open to that I certainly would be

Christina Kirsch: with I can ask yeah.

Don Lee: That seems like the logical thing to do and if she doesn't want to that's perfectly fine too that we just carry on and let things play out the way they do. But yeah, if there's a similar effort going on that we might be able to help each other out with there might be a better collaboration than two separate proposals right out of the gates. I don't know. How are you? All thinking makes sense to our conversation, right?

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: And I think as we kind of Segway into the proposal we've only had three kind of informational interviews. I think to make the proposal stronger we would have to increase that and so, this one just be the fourth and I think from what I've read from some of the other resources like the Dow East materials there really oriented on out participation and users. Whereas this Dev Partnerships are a little bit more upstream and it's more going for the developers startups and are not mentioned the mncs. To which instructor sermon is not real competition there right? It's all complementary. so, it's

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: one you want to see if we can kind of be going in the same direction. it's completely possible. You just have different swimming wings and that's positive.

Don Lee: Can't agree.

Christina Kirsch: Yeah.

Don Lee: I don't know if anyone else is having it too. But right here your audio got really correctly for me. I could hear you but it's very poor.

Christina Kirsch: like robot Yeah,â€¦

Don Lee: Yeah.

Christina Kirsch: maybe just having the two proposals. It's no big deal. And then we see how we can collaborate later. I'm just gonna put this deck. I'm sending this out. Also just kind of did it work? No. there it is. So Speaking of Builders and partners. This is for Devcon. So if you want to take a look. I've been working with Ray Guild. to put this together

Don Lee: very cool

Christina Kirsch: This is old but we've been talking about this for a bit.

Don Lee: cool

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: And this is a kind of a one time event just for Devcon or is there something else that's gonna go on after it or before it as well?

Christina Kirsch: the whole thing is in Virtual onboarding cohort with a person hacker space and then qf round afterwards.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: awesome, and we need to find a way to have arbitrimpedo contribute as much as possible even if it's through a qf proposal or Fire Starter the bank ARB or something

Christina Kirsch: Yeah, I mean all it's going on. It's just I think I was just because if we're writing this proposal, I think I'm just trying to be open with what I've been busy with as we write this.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: cool all right, so any other updates or comments before we kind of move into the actual proposal itself?

00:15:00

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: So with that, we handful of us have in just for everyone's kind of FYI.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Christina Dan pranav myself. We're part of kind of the original Core group of this Dev Fellowship group. You are one of the people not mentioned.

Pranav Khanna: Rich rich, I'm sorry to interrupt you. The voice is quite bad. I really can't.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: I apologies. I just any better.

Don Lee: Nope.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: All right, is this any better? And if not getting anyone see my comments in the chat?

Don Lee: It's not better. I can see your comments on the chat.

Don Lee: I think that since we haven't walked through the proposal together. I mean I can share my comments on it, but it's hard for me to give the kind of like your pitch of the layout of The Proposal I can make you out. it's not the best but I can hear you. I don't know if other people are having a horse experience.

Christina Kirsch: Same for me.

Don Lee: Yeah.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Yeah I'd be interested in your this is better.

Don Lee: That's good. You're good.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Yeah, sorry for that delay there. So for the proposal we've put together. I'll drop it in the chat one more time in case someone. came in a little bit late, but we kind of have the standard template and in this template, we're kind of working through, the more or less like the Top Line vision of it and

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: we have the idea of basically we want to help go to market and different nations where ocl and the foundation don't really have a big presence. what defines a big presence for us. We basically, relied on some heuristics from ocl where they're saying. Hey, we have South Korea. We have Japan we have Vietnam. They are kind of the biggest markets where we can do some be more involved and this isn't necessarily from the end user perspective but

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Can we do Biz Dev Partnerships? So it's kind of targeted and the idea is if we get traction and these markets then maybe we'd be able to write a Playbook. So other people and other nations would be able to self-activate, find good talent open an office there higher Biz Dev people and it's a big Playbook to write because the idea is we've gotten feedback that just having events there or having Dow rep there isn't enough for businesses to really take to the arbitrome, ecosystem. they really like people who are kind of full-time, people that are at repeated events and kind of understand the local context more than kind of Dow participants from around the world coming in here and there for events.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: maybe that scope changes, but that was kind of the original conversation. So I'll stop there and see if there are any questions or if there's any editorializing to that.

Don Lee: yeah, I mean I'll just add to it from our past conversations is I think the opportunity is to establish a beachhead. If you will like to go in or somebody's already raising their hands, there's already some activity going on people are interested. Do not started from scratch and just find a way to support that activity to build up the region and I think the outcome

00:20:00

Don Lee: And there could be a bunch of different outcomes and I'd like later on the proposal where you talked about kind of building up a little committee to receive but I think the outcome could be as simple as priming the environments or priming the communities for ocl the foundation to go in and do what they would do ultimately do but basically just give them a good place to go do it because they want to expand but they recognize that it's very difficult to do so that could be once a simple outcome is just say we're gonna Prime the community so that the devil could come in and formalize it actually build that team then but now they have that kind of foundation established.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Please go ahead Brian.

Brian Adam: And yeah, hi guys, just sort of here to see. What is that up for discussion with the business department Fellowship? But yeah, I'm curious basically the status like what's perception or the participation are there people in the Dow or from that region are there people who are working in web 3 when that region what's sort of the status of the arbitrum foundation and often Labs in that region? that you guys can sort of Leverage to make this whole and ever easier because

Brian Adam: I'm assuming that no one is actually present in that region. So I'm just what's that you have any people who have feet on the ground? Who can help out with the business development?

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Evan answers that but I'll add a Dev swaroop a response as well.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Yeah, I think there are a couple of different ways to do this.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: we haven't explicitly talked about India's part of this. Although it definitely is in the kind of broader strategy of we have a Playbook. How do we kind of expand there?

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: But to answer your original question Brian, there is a person who he spoke to name Shin, they are part of the foundation and they are essentially like a correspondent. I forget their exact title, but they, represent Apec they help with just anything that's kind of self-activated from a community standpoint and we got the feedback from them that they, just could use more resources more like IRL events an enhanced developer experience with real onboarding and

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: I think for us the idea is we don't want to go in somewhere completely new but that would be part of the Playbook what if there is someone where we don't have anyone from the community at all? How do we go in there? are we trying to go to market there or these kind of A newer countries first. No, mean obviously we don't want warm introductions. And to kind of go back to Don's Original comment, which there's a Continuum between we write we are the primer where we set things up or we like,

00:25:00

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: facilitate some type of self-activation to we own everything and we take on salaries from the Dow and we write proposal to hire people and open offices and do all of that and we're not taking a Firm Stance on where that's like Continuum we want to be but all options are on the table and I think it is a completely

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Honestly plausible outcome where we kind of start certain efforts and if the efforts do well we then pitch it to ocl and Foundation to say. Hey, do you want to take this on we basically found some great talent. They've done some great work for nine months. Do you want to onboard them permanently and then pay their full-time salaries pay their benefits do all the stuff so they can kind of expand more quicklyâ€¦

Christina Kirsch: I would just like to add also I can think of two Community Managers from Nance who are ready to orâ€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: because the idea is with perfect amount of information andâ€¦

Christina Kirsch: one. isn't the community manager at non-city more andâ€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: resources ocl may do all of this andâ€¦

Christina Kirsch: one is and there are obviously So ready to move on to something the next bigger thing andâ€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: being every single country, but they're just focused on a certain amount of countries and they don't have the bandwidth to go to these countries. So I'll stop there andâ€¦

Christina Kirsch: be very easy to tap into that.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: hopefully that answers your question Brian.

Christina Kirsch: Or maybe not easy but meaningful.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: At a minimum, we should have informational interview with them log it and I think anything short of Health throughout an arbitrary number here, but 10 people that we talked to means that we're kind of, going a little bit blind. I think that we should talk to everyone and if anyone would be one of the People who is part of the oversight committee or someone we directly hire or we give resources to that would be great. And so yes, Christina, you should definitely, have a full-on conversation with them kind of similar to the conversation that Don myself and problem with the others and then what's track those notes and add it to the proposal as it gets into a more polished day.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: All so this is just a reminder that we're at the 33 minute Mark if anyone has to drop a totally understand we did want to spend this time to kind of Workshop some main points. And so I don't know how you're doing. Christina Dawn provenov, but I'm happy to stay at least 10 more minutes so we could kind of talk about where we personally feel comfortable on the abstract the motivation. I know we added some stuff on Russia now, which is a little bit more specific but happy to kind of jump into those points. and really start workshopping this.

Don Lee: Yeah, I can do another 10-15 minutes. And I'll start and just share my quick thoughts on it out of the ideas that are listed out in there three that private. I've already went over to me that first idea of establishing this

Don Lee: Dow available resource to projects however, they're identified as being promising and needing some support. I think that's a really interesting idea that's kind of the one that I came in with not exactly that but that was kind of in the realm of the type of stuff I was thinking about and it also has a bit of precedent. I haven't dug into it yet. But someone that was on one of our recent calls mentioned a security and audit a grant or something or basically the Dow has set up a funding for approved Auditors that projects in the Dow can tap into so there's already kind of a precedent for that type of thing and picture that's a bench of resources available to projects on arbit room that is kind of vetted in ready to go. that's kind of home picture on This idea would be what are the types of resources? You need to support a go?

00:30:00

Don Lee: Market effort or the support the breaking into a new region that a project hasn't gone into yet. And how do you kind of structure that vet at make it available for those projects to take advantage of and of course, how do you fund it? Those would likely need to be the local resources? Just like we're talking about some kind of fits all of those themes. So I really like that idea for me personally the idea of managing Wells and liquidity isn't super appealing just because I don't think that's really a skill set that I have or an experience that I have just so that one doesn't appeal to me for those personal reasons. I don't think it's a bad idea number three working with multinational what two companies things like that to try to entice them that feels like big fish to me for the type of thing. We're doing here. Maybe we grow into that.

Don Lee: And then I added the fourth idea in the list there, which was basically about supporting the community growth very much. what we talked about last week, which was in a kind of what I described earlier. I was just find a group that's already in process. They've already expressed interest. They want to make garbage work there. Maybe they're doing some meetings whatever and then we come up with that Playbook as you described. I think that's a great way to think about it is all right go in there assess the community's current status and scale. what are the strengths whether weaknesses? How do we kind of prop them Ops so that they can take those next steps build some kpis around it and then maybe go and set up a

Don Lee: Either you ask for money ahead ofâ€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez:

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: I like this for a lot of reasons andâ€¦

Don Lee: So you have a bank to give out your own grants or this is the process once we get here you go andâ€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: without going into the rationale. What I'm hearing is that we're kind of putting new words to This original idea,â€¦

Don Lee: you write your proposal this way to try to get a little money to support that something like that. So I personally like ideas one in four on that list.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: which I think has gotten a lot of supportâ€¦

Don Lee: I think they're two different proposals though.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: but can I characterize it BD as a service orâ€¦

Don Lee: I don't think you would do them together personally. I think that would be too.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: BD as a resource for other?

Don Lee: There's just a big complicating and distracting to kind of separate the tactics and the ideas behind them andâ€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: so just for

Don Lee: they kind of have different games. I think number one is more of a gross than expansion.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Just for kind of convenience.

Don Lee: Whereas number four is.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: I'll put that as alternative number two,â€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: and it's not really a altern Right we've talked about this in the past.

Don Lee: More traditional Biz Dev,â€¦

Don Lee: primary community. So I think they're two different things Yeah.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: altern and then there's this other idea of

Don Lee: but I think both could be useful if executed properly. Yeah.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: and maybe this is not the best way to put it but What I'm hearing is that there may be some groups already trying to do this and they could use resources. They could use a Playbook. And so maybe you would make sense for us to ask the Dow for x amount of resources with the understanding that we would then allocate it to some more vocal groups for them to tap into so they don't necessarily have to write proposal to the larger Dow they kind of just, write a proposal to us or ask us for a resources and then

Don Lee: Number one.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: help them out in doing it is that a kind of good description of that andâ€¦

Don Lee: Yeah, I think that that's a great way to phrase it. Yeah.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: I call the Grant Pool for self organized local groups, but is that the gist of it or how else could

Don Lee: I think that's a good way to frame it and I do think It would be more practical to get a bit of that funding set aside first to do a pool rather than try to guide a whole bunch of different communities through the process of writing their own Grant. So I like that way of framing it.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: It's cool, Christina.

Christina Kirsch: Yeah, thank I think I keep coming back to how do you decide who is there already doing something cool? The Joint I mean I can think of a whole bunch of really cool projects, but these are just people that I know.

00:35:00

Christina Kirsch: how do we decide? Yeah where to start.

Don Lee: Actor can be a couple ways. I think a proactive BD approach of going out there and trying to find people to pull them in and see if there's interest but at the end of the day like somebody's going to have to ask for that help. So I think one is almost a marketing effort to let people know that this thing exists that they can come and they could take advantage of it.

Christina Kirsch: So can I make a list?

Don Lee: in some like that

Christina Kirsch: Can I make a list of who we should reach out to? Okay.

Don Lee: Yeah hundred percent. Absolutely. Those are even to riches earlier point is any one of those people who already active in the communities that were talking about here are good interviews. I mean, you could just go and have that conversation with them and report back to us too. It doesn't have to be a big formal thing where you get all this involved.

Don Lee: Yeah, so it's kind of share what we're doing and say is this something you would be interested as some would help you if so how right and just kind of get that feedback from the field. I think that'd be super helpful.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: yeah, I think it's table Stakes for us to at least get the feedback on what they're already doing because all these things may not apply right Community Building may be different than Biz Dev, but there could be things that overlap right? I think we want to get a scan of what's being done and then focus in on what our experiences to be most impactful but we have to interview before we do that pranav, please.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Don please

Don Lee: I totally agree with those two distinctions what I would suggest is that for the early stages of this. The focus should be on group bucket B.

Don Lee: Where there is already that activity just because I mean basically if we do this we're going to market right like we have to Market this and we have to get interested. We have to get people to act and measure and everything else and go in a market where you have to go in and you have to explain to people that they should care first and then convince them to do it with you. It does half the work for you. If you just go where they're already trying to they already have the need they already know they have the need or they have the desire and we just support them. So it would just be early stages we focus on me and if we have success then I think would be in a wonderful addition to this,â€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: So I think we're more orâ€¦

Don Lee: but I think we need a lot more time andâ€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: at time. Also, probably notâ€¦

Don Lee: resources to make that happen.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: how to drop off. So he may not have been able to respond to your comment on but I think this is right now, having these Alternatives serves us well and that we can kind of think with different outcomes in mind. But we still have a lot of work to do to get get the insights. PC where we really want to focus and maybe it ends up being the mixture where we do have this kind of Grant Pool, but it for specific countries. Maybe it's a larger DD program without no specific countries, there's a lot of different permutations of these ideas, but

00:40:00

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: This Workshop is pretty useful for us and we have a lot of work to do in the next six days to get this proposal in a more, polished state that being said there is no kind of deadline of when it needs to be done. But we did aim to have it in a pretty good state by next week. And so I want to thank you all for partaking in this conversation and particularly to Christina and Don and probably not who dropped off. I think we are getting some traction like We starting to see potential outcomes. We just have to put in that work to make sure that our inputs Are sound and that basically our proposal has the necessary research to be taken seriously.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Please Rec.

Rika Goldberg: Hey everyone. Thanks so much for allowing me to listen From the putting on my hat of the arbitrant Down onboarding group. what do you all need help with?

Don Lee: Totally agree, secretary because got her hand up.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Personally, I would say that initially we were seeking just good contacts to give us the information. We've now had a handful of conversations and we have a lot of people in our TG group and now we kind of have this direction of

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: We would love to do things in these countries, but we don't have the bandwidth. Could the Dow get it started. And so I think for us how do we digest that information? And then how do we put forth a proposal? We think is a good way to meet that objective and amongst us four. We're still trying to figure out but once as we get closer to this proposal, I think the next step for us is to put it in front of a couple of delegates and have them kind of stress test a lot of what we're putting out there. And so I think from support standpoint. Yeah, I think we need maybe a week or two and then if we can get, half a dozen delegates eyes that's advise on this proposal that would help us because that would kind of Give us the feedback. We need to take it to the next level.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Does that make sense Rika?

Rika Goldberg: Yep.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Don Christina, did you have anything to add there? I felt like someone was starting to talk.

Rika Goldberg: Yeah, so as a follow-up question Are there specific delegates that you all had in mind for whom you would like to have their eyes on this?

Don Lee: That's perfect. I couldn't think of a specific thing to ask for but I think the delegate eyes is the next thing so that's a good call out.

Don Lee: There's specifics. We had two orâ€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: yeah, I don't think we know â€¦

Don Lee: three that we threw on a list early on I know disruption Joe was on there andâ€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: if any delegates would be strategic to this,â€¦

Don Lee: one or two others that you might mentioned rich,â€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: â€¦

Don Lee: but I don't knowâ€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: obviously if someone has some personal orâ€¦

Don Lee: if it matters per se. I mean if there's ones of Rika that are More likely to be interested in this subject matter that would certainly be advantageousâ€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: business ties to specific countries in the East maybe that would help but we're also just happy to put it to some of the more well-known delegates andâ€¦

Don Lee: but I don't have any others. yeah.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: if they give us very critical comments. That's very valuable for us. And So eventually we would want to have delegates that would support it. But even if we have delicates that don't initially support it that's still really helpful for us.

Don Lee: over

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: So, we have some delegates here on this list that we consider friendly, but we would also just completely objective fresh eyes. So I don't think there's anyone preferred at this stage at we looking for an adult get

Rika Goldberg: Yeah, let me me raise this to the onboarding working group and see if maybe there's a structure we can provide you all Reach out to the delegates, that could be helpful.

Rika Goldberg: I had another thought and I lost it on sec.

Rika Goldberg: Yeah, I so the one thought I'd like to leave you guys with. is to get this in front of delegates sooner rather than later just because historically we've seen in Dow people work on proposals for a long time to kind of work in a bit of a silo which is understandable as you are trying to get all of the pieces. and then oftentimes what happens is the proposal gets put on the Forum there's criticism about it and it just ends up fluttering. So I'd say to get people's eyes on this sooner rather than later. I think it'll help you also to

00:45:00

Rika Goldberg: What is not good what you can work on just not waste like extra energy on something that might not go anywhere.

Don Lee: I think that's good advice. And I like to get in a conversations here at the later too. So I would personally prefer that anyways.

Don Lee: One last thing to throw out the outro listen to tg2 so that the pranav can weigh in on it. But I feel like if we want to make progress quickly, we should pick a path and head down it whole speed and if we decide to change later, so be it but if feels like we're calling mostly around the kind of Community Development one. I think it was the alternative three labeled it and again, I would make the suggestion that where there's activity. I'm trying to sell something into a market that doesn't know has a problem or doesn't have the desire is just really hard andâ€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: And it's your idea,â€¦

Don Lee: I don't want to do that. So that's my suggestion.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: So that's awesome that

Don Lee: I'll throw the PG, but if we can focus on that if I want to grease that's a good path at least to take a crack atâ€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: no, I do think that Hopefully by next week.

Don Lee: then we can put all our friends into that instead of being distracted byâ€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: We've kind of picked a path and Gone full speed.

Don Lee: the service one,â€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: I had one more question for Rikaâ€¦

Don Lee: which I think is a good idea,â€¦

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: but Christina.

Don Lee: but you just can't do them both the same time.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Did you have a question you wanted us?

Christina Kirsch: Yeah, I put it in the chat. I don't know Rika if you have feedback on the proposal.

Don Lee: It was like this.

Don Lee: That's why I think it's a good idea, but I don't want to move on first.

Christina Kirsch: Like how it's going.

Rika Goldberg: not

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: And almost like to add we have any of the other onboarding groups got into the stage or do you know Visa view like the other onboarding groups where we stand?

Rika Goldberg: yeah, you all are the most advanced and I've been pushing the other onboarding groups a little bit just to do more and be honest. I've been sending them the outputs from your group as a model or hey, this is where you might want to be at this point in time.

Don Lee: Yes, good job cand off you've let us well.

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Thank you all from the core group for your continued participation and everyone else who jumped on this call. I do try to be respectful of everyone's time. So we will have an update. I'll put in the TGA if he wants to volunteer to do it this week, but we will have an update and we can put this proposal as part of that update. So technically it's transparent and out there. We try to aim to work in public. And with that does anyone have any questions or comments before we round out this meeting?

Rich Cuellar-Lopez: Thank you all for attending meeting six of the biz Dev fellowship and enjoy your week.

Don Lee: Thank you all are going.

Meeting ended after 00:49:42 ðŸ‘‹
